and the word of the Lord came to me son
and the word of the Lord came to me son of man prophesy against the prophets of
of man prophesy against the prophets of
of man prophesy against the prophets of Israel who prophesy and say to those who
Israel who prophesy and say to those who
Israel who prophesy and say to those who prophesy out of their own heart hear the
prophesy out of their own heart hear the
prophesy out of their own heart hear the word of the law thus says the Lord God
word of the law thus says the Lord God
word of the law thus says the Lord God woe to the foolish prophets who follow
woe to the foolish prophets who follow
woe to the foolish prophets who follow their own spirit and have seen nothing o
their own spirit and have seen nothing o
their own spirit and have seen nothing o Israel your prophets are like foxes in
Israel your prophets are like foxes in
Israel your prophets are like foxes in the deserts you have not gone up into
the deserts you have not gone up into
the deserts you have not gone up into the gaps to build a wall for the house
the gaps to build a wall for the house
the gaps to build a wall for the house of Israel to stand in battle on the day
of Israel to stand in battle on the day
of Israel to stand in battle on the day of the Lord they have envisioned
of the Lord they have envisioned
of the Lord they have envisioned futility and false divination saying
futility and false divination saying
futility and false divination saying thus says the Lord but the Lord has not
thus says the Lord but the Lord has not
thus says the Lord but the Lord has not sent them yet they hope that the word
sent them yet they hope that the word
sent them yet they hope that the word may be confirmed have you not seen the
may be confirmed have you not seen the
may be confirmed have you not seen the futile vision and have you not spoken
futile vision and have you not spoken
futile vision and have you not spoken false divination you say the Lord says
false divination you say the Lord says
false divination you say the Lord says but I have not spoken therefore thus
but I have not spoken therefore thus
but I have not spoken therefore thus says the Lord God
says the Lord God
says the Lord God because you have spoken nonsense and
because you have spoken nonsense and
because you have spoken nonsense and envision lies therefore I am indeed
envision lies therefore I am indeed
envision lies therefore I am indeed against you says the Lord God my hand
against you says the Lord God my hand
against you says the Lord God my hand will be against the prophets who
will be against the prophets who
will be against the prophets who envision futility and who divine lives
envision futility and who divine lives
envision futility and who divine lives they shall not be in the Assembly of my
they shall not be in the Assembly of my
they shall not be in the Assembly of my people nor be written in the record of
people nor be written in the record of
people nor be written in the record of the house of Israel nor shall they enter
the house of Israel nor shall they enter
the house of Israel nor shall they enter into the Land of Israel
into the Land of Israel
into the Land of Israel then you shall know that I am the Lord
then you shall know that I am the Lord
then you shall know that I am the Lord God because indeed because they have
God because indeed because they have
God because indeed because they have seduced my people saying peace when
seduced my people saying peace when
seduced my people saying peace when there is no peace and one builds a wall
there is no peace and one builds a wall
there is no peace and one builds a wall and they plaster it with untempered
and they plaster it with untempered
and they plaster it with untempered mortar say to those who plaster it with
mortar say to those who plaster it with
mortar say to those who plaster it with untempered mortar that it will fall
untempered mortar that it will fall
untempered mortar that it will fall there will be flooding rain and you O
there will be flooding rain and you O
there will be flooding rain and you O great hailstones shall fall and a stormy
great hailstones shall fall and a stormy
great hailstones shall fall and a stormy wind shall tear it down surely when the
wind shall tear it down surely when the
wind shall tear it down surely when the wall has fallen will it not be said to
wall has fallen will it not be said to
wall has fallen will it not be said to you
you
you where is the mortar with which you
where is the mortar with which you
where is the mortar with which you plastered
therefore thus says the Lord God I will
therefore thus says the Lord God I will call the stormy wind to break forth in
call the stormy wind to break forth in
call the stormy wind to break forth in my fury and there shall be a flooding
my fury and there shall be a flooding
my fury and there shall be a flooding rain in my anger and great hailstones in
rain in my anger and great hailstones in
rain in my anger and great hailstones in fury to consume it so I will break down
fury to consume it so I will break down
fury to consume it so I will break down the wall you have plastered with on
the wall you have plastered with on
the wall you have plastered with on tempered mortar and bring it down to the
tempered mortar and bring it down to the
tempered mortar and bring it down to the ground so that its foundation will be
ground so that its foundation will be
ground so that its foundation will be uncovered it will fall and you shall be
uncovered it will fall and you shall be
uncovered it will fall and you shall be consumed in the midst of it then you
consumed in the midst of it then you
consumed in the midst of it then you shall know that I am the Lord thus will
shall know that I am the Lord thus will
shall know that I am the Lord thus will I accomplish my wrath on the wall and on
I accomplish my wrath on the wall and on
I accomplish my wrath on the wall and on those who have plastered it with
those who have plastered it with
those who have plastered it with untempered mortar and I will say to you
untempered mortar and I will say to you
untempered mortar and I will say to you the wall is no more nor those who
the wall is no more nor those who
the wall is no more nor those who plastered it that is the prophets of
plastered it that is the prophets of
plastered it that is the prophets of Israel who prophesy concerning Jerusalem
Israel who prophesy concerning Jerusalem
Israel who prophesy concerning Jerusalem and who see visions of peace for her
and who see visions of peace for her
and who see visions of peace for her when there is no peace says the Lord God
when there is no peace says the Lord God
when there is no peace says the Lord God likewise son of man set your face
likewise son of man set your face
likewise son of man set your face against the daughters of your people who
against the daughters of your people who
against the daughters of your people who prophesy out of their own heart
prophesy out of their own heart
prophesy out of their own heart prophesy against them and say thus says
prophesy against them and say thus says
prophesy against them and say thus says the Lord God woe to the women who sow
the Lord God woe to the women who sow
the Lord God woe to the women who sow magic charms on their sleeves and make
magic charms on their sleeves and make
magic charms on their sleeves and make veils for the heads of people of every
veils for the heads of people of every
veils for the heads of people of every height to hunt souls will you hunt the
height to hunt souls will you hunt the
height to hunt souls will you hunt the souls of my people and keep yourselves
souls of my people and keep yourselves
souls of my people and keep yourselves alive and will you profane me among my
alive and will you profane me among my
alive and will you profane me among my people for handfuls of barley and four
people for handfuls of barley and four
people for handfuls of barley and four pieces of bread killing people who
pieces of bread killing people who
pieces of bread killing people who should not die and keeping people alive
should not die and keeping people alive
should not die and keeping people alive who should not live by your lying to my
who should not live by your lying to my
who should not live by your lying to my people who listen to lies therefore thus
people who listen to lies therefore thus
people who listen to lies therefore thus says the Lord God behold I am against
says the Lord God behold I am against
says the Lord God behold I am against your magic charms by which you hunt
your magic charms by which you hunt
your magic charms by which you hunt souls they're like birds I will tear
souls they're like birds I will tear
souls they're like birds I will tear them from your arms and let the souls go
them from your arms and let the souls go
them from your arms and let the souls go the souls you hunt like birds have tear
the souls you hunt like birds have tear
the souls you hunt like birds have tear off your veils and deliver my people out
off your veils and deliver my people out
off your veils and deliver my people out of your hand and they shall no longer be
of your hand and they shall no longer be
of your hand and they shall no longer be as prey in your hand then you shall know
as prey in your hand then you shall know
as prey in your hand then you shall know that I am because with lies you have
that I am because with lies you have
that I am because with lies you have made the heart of the righteous sad whom
made the heart of the righteous sad whom
made the heart of the righteous sad whom I have not made sound and you would
I have not made sound and you would
I have not made sound and you would spring from the hands of the wicked so
spring from the hands of the wicked so
spring from the hands of the wicked so that he does not turn from his wicked
that he does not turn from his wicked
that he does not turn from his wicked way to save his life therefore you shall
way to save his life therefore you shall
way to save his life therefore you shall no longer envision futility nor practice
no longer envision futility nor practice
no longer envision futility nor practice divination for I will deliver my people
divination for I will deliver my people
divination for I will deliver my people out of your hand and you shall know that
out of your hand and you shall know that
out of your hand and you shall know that I am